204 E Oakland Ltd. 
204 E Oakland Ave, COLUMBUS, OH, 43201
204EOakland@gmail.com 
440-622-7421
1. Residency and Financials

1.1	PARTIES AND OCCUPANTS
The lease (herein after referred to as the Lease) is made this 9/24/23 day, by and between 204 E Oakland, Ltd referred to as the Landlord) and _____________________ (herein after referred to jointly and severally as the Tenant). The covenants and conditions stated in the Lease shall bind All Tenants jointly and severally in issues of contract and negligence.


1.2 PREMISES LEASED
The Landlord, in consideration of rent to be paid, and covenants and agreements to be performed by the Tenant does hereby lease the following described premises located at 204 Oakland Ave Columbus, OH 43201
(Hereinafter referred to as the premises).


1.3 LEASE TERM
The Tenant agrees to occupy said Premises for an original term commencing on 08/08/24 and ending on 07/31/25. The week gap is necessary to ensure a cleanly handover of the property. If the house is ready an earlier move in is negotiable during that week for no extra expense. First month rent is not prorated.


1.4 RENT
The Tenant agrees to pay as rent for the Premises the total sum of $54,000 at the rate of $4,500 per month to be paid 5 days in advance of the first day of each month during the said term without demand. Tenants, maximum of 5, will split rent evenly unless Landlord accepts written advance notice of unequal splits. Tenants may submit payments separately.

All payments of rent shall be made payable to 204 E Oakland Ltd, through the tenant portal, or at such other address as the Landlord may from time to time designate. Rent is due 5 days before the first day of each month (the due date) and is delinquent thereafter. Partial payments will not be accepted. All funds received shall be applied to dishonored check charges, late charges, damage charges, utility charges, delinquent rent, in that order. If payment is made by check, echeck, debit, or credit card that is returned, the Tenant agrees to pay a charge of $50 charge in addition to the initial late charge if applicable.

Rent is due 5 days before the first day of each month (the due date. If all rent is not received on or before the 1st day of the month, the Tenant agrees to pay a late charge of $50 per person. Your rent must be received by 11:59 p.m, or a late fee will be applied automatically.

Tenant acknowledges that the Landlord is an Ohio Legal Entity and must be represented by an attorney in eviction procedures. Equity situations will not be considered unless Tenant reimburses Landlord for all rent, late fees, charges, fees, costs and expenses and attorney fees, incurred by Landlord as a result of Tenant's breach. (Eviction settlement fee is $350). Landlord reserves the exclusive right to refuse any and all late payments.


 
1.5 OCCUPANCY
The Tenant agrees that only those persons listed below shall occupy the Premises: 
X: 

No person shall be released from the covenants of the Lease without first obtaining the written agreement of the other tenants and/or cosigners set forth herein and written approval of changes from the Landlord. If such changes are agreed upon, all parties herein agree to make the necessary changes to the Lease before changes are valid.

The Tenant agrees that the Premises are to be occupied for residential purposes only. The Premises shall not be used or allowed to be used for any unlawful purpose, or for any purpose deemed hazardous by the Landlord because of fire or any other risk or in any other manner which would disturb the peaceful, quiet enjoyment of any other occupant of the apartment community of which the Premises are a part. The Landlord reserves the right of eviction for any criminal or illegal activity and/or the illegal manufacture, distribution, use or other illegal activities in connection with controlled substances. A criminal conviction shall not be necessary before the Landlord can institute an eviction action.

It is Landlord's policy not to rent to any registered sex offender under any circumstance. If you or any household member occupies the premises and is a registered sex offender at any time during the lease term, any renewal thereof, or otherwise during your tenancy; landlord shall have the immediate right to terminate tenancy, issue a three (3) day notice to vacate, and initiate an eviction action at your cost.


1.6 SECURITY DEPOSIT
Tenants shall pay Landlord a total of $4,500 as a security deposit. The Tenant agrees the deposit is not an advance payment of rent and does not relieve the obligation to pay rent including rent for the last month of occupancy. The Landlord, at the expiration of the Lease or hold-over tenancy, may apply the security deposit for past due rent, fees, utilities, and/or for the cost of repairing damages beyond reasonable wear and tear to the Premises caused by the Tenant, his/her guests, family or invitees. Also, abandonment or vacating of the Premises by the Tenant before the end of the term shall result in the Landlord deducting damages, he has incurred from the security deposit.

Each of the aforementioned tenants shall be jointly and severally responsible for all losses incurred by the Landlord occasioned by the tenancy, including negligence.

The Landlord agrees to return to the Tenant the security deposit, or whatever part has not been applied in payment of any tenant obligations under the Lease, within thirty (30) days after the expiration or any renewal of the Lease and delivery of possession of the Premises to the Landlord, whichever is last to occur. Any deductions from the security deposit shall be itemized and identified in writing by the Landlord during this same time period. This provision does not waive rights of the Landlord to seek damages more than the security deposit. The Tenant agrees to reimburse the Landlord for any rent, fees, utilities due and/or damages exceeding the security deposit. Tenant agrees to and consents to the final payment for utilities usage being deducted from the security deposit.


1.7 DEFAULT BY TENANT
In the event the Tenant is in default of any of the terms or obligations of the Lease, violates and/ or fails to comply with any of the covenants, terms, or conditions of the Lease, or any community policies/ Rules and Regulations herein or hereafter adopted by the Landlord, said default shall constitute grounds for termination of the tenancy and/or eviction by the Landlord. It is expressly understood and agreed that the Tenant shall be and remain liable for any deficiency in rent until the Lease expires or until such time as in the interim, the Premises are reoccupied by another acceptable tenant. The Tenant shall also be and remain liable for any expense incidental to re-letting, cleaning costs beyond normal wear and tear, trash removal, painting costs, utilities, or any other damages and costs which the Landlord has sustained by virtue of the Tenant's use and occupancy of the Premises or default under the Lease.

Default by the Tenant: Providing any false information on the rental application shall also constitute default under the terms of this lease agreement and, in such event, Landlord by terminate the tenancy and evict the Tenant at the Landlord's sole and absolute discretion.
By initialing below, you acknowledge and agree to the terms in Section 1.

Initials:


Guarantor Initials: 


2. Policies and Procedures 

2.1 KEYS
The Tenant will be provided with a room key.

These keys may not be duplicated. There will be a $ 125.00 re-keying charge for any of these keys not being returned upon vacating. Should you misplace any keys above there will be a fee of $50 for a replacement. Lock outs are a $150.00 fee paid in cash to the maintenance tech before the service is provided.

Front and back entry to the house is accessible via Apple Home Key and a Keypad at the front entry. No front or back door keys will be distributed unless agreed upon in an addendum. Apple home key, with express mode enabled, allows you to unlock each door quickly. In the event a phone is not charged, the front door keypad still allows access to the home. 

Battery replacement of the door locks and keypad are Tenants sole responsibility. Each is rated for over a year of battery life, but to prevent lockouts the recommended schedule for changing batteries is once every five months in a staggered fashion. 


2.2 MOVE OUT NOTICE AND RENEWAL
The renewal period is September 1st to 20th 2024. During this time the Tenant or Landlord may elect to terminate this Lease at the ending date therein. Beyond this timeframe tenant will lose the right for first choice of renewal. The renewal terms of this Lease will have a lease term ending on 07/31/26. Signatures for a renewal are due September 30thth, 2024. 


2.3 ABANDONMENT OF PROPERTY
We or law officers may remove all property remaining in the apartment or in common areas (including any vehicles you or any occupant or guest owns or uses) if you are judicially evicted or if you abandoned the house.

You have abandoned the property when: (1) move–out date has passed and no one is living in the apartment in our reasonable judgment; or (2) ) you have turned in keys and/or pass cards or provided us with a written forwarding address or new address; or (3) everyone appears to have moved out in our reasonable judgment; and (4) clothes, furniture, and personal belongings have been substantially removed in our reasonable judgment, or (5) you have been in default for non-payment of rent for five (5) consecutive days or water, gas, or electric service for the apartment not connected in our name has been terminated; and (6) you have not responded for two (2) consecutive days to our notice left on the inside of the main entry door, stating that we consider the apartment abandoned.

Surrender, abandonment, and judicial eviction end your rights of possession for all purposes and gives us the immediate right to: clean up, make repairs in, and re-let the apartment; determine any security deposit deductions; and remove property left in the apartment. Under Ohio Law, if a Tenant abandons the Premises or is evicted during the term of this Lease, the Tenant’s liability to pay rent continues until the expiration of the Lease term or until the Premises are re-occupied.


2.4 GARBAGE
Trash is taken by the city of Columbus once a week from the large green bins and blue recycling bins in the back of the property. These bins are not property specific and are shared among everyone. Any bulk items that do not fit will not be taken by the city unless requested through the bulk pickup portal.


2.4 UTILITIES
Utilities will stay in Landlord’s name for convenience of both parties. Landlord will contribute $200 per month towards utilities – historically covering around half of the total monthly charges: water/sewer, gas, electricity, and internet. Internet is provided by Spectrum.

Tenant shall not allow utilities, to be disconnected by any means (including non-payment of bill) until the end of the Lease term or renewal period. Tenant further agrees that they will be responsible for any late fees associated with late payment. Tenant agrees to reimburse the Landlord for any utility bills paid by the Landlord during Tenant’s responsibility under the Lease. Utilities shall be used only for normal household purposes and not wasted. Failure to pay utilities or disconnection of the electric or gas service due to non-payment by Tenant for more than five (5) days shall be considered material non-compliance under this Lease. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that final water/sewer charges will be deducted from Tenant’s security deposit.

You will be charged for the full period that you were living in, occupying, or responsible for payment of rent or utility charges on the apartment. If you breach the Lease, you will be responsible for utility charges for the time period you were obligated to pay the charges under the lease, subject to our mitigation of damages. 

We are not liable for any losses or damages you incur as a result of outages, interruptions, or fluctuations in utility services provided to the apartment unless such loss or damage was the direct result of negligence by us or our employees. You release us from all such claims and waive any claims for offset or reduction of rent or diminished rental value of the apartment due to such outages, interruptions, or fluctuations.
You agree not to tamper with, adjust, or disconnect any sub-metering system or devise. Violation of this provision is a material breach of your Lease. 


2.5 PETS
No pets may be brought onto any part of the Premises at any time (including visiting pets) except at the expressed written consent of the management as contained in a separate pet agreement, and all applicable fees and charges are paid. This policy is at the sole discretion of the Landlord. If any unauthorized pets are found in or on the premises, an immediate eviction notice will be served at which time Tenant will have three (3) days to permanently remove the animal or said eviction will be initiated. If a pet has been in the apartment at any time during the Tenant’s term of occupancy (without the Landlord’s consent), all pet fees will be retroactive to the date of this lease agreement and tenant may be charged for de-fleaing, deodorizing, and/or shampooing, and/or other damages occasioned by the pet.
Tenant acknowledges and consents that any pet privilege fee that may be assessed by Landlord is for the privilege of having a pet and is not in any way additional deposit pursuant to Ohio Revised Code § 5321.16.


2.6 INSURANCE
Tenant is required for insuring all the Tenant's personal property within the Premises. Therefore, the tenant should purchase a Renter's Insurance policy, and the Tenant hereby releases the Landlord of all risk that can be insured thereunder.


2.7 USE AND ASSIGNMENT/SUBLETTING
The Tenant agrees that the Premises shall be used only as a dwelling unit and for no other purpose; nor shall Premises or any part thereof be sublet or assigned, nor shall the number or name of occupants be increased or changed, without written consent of the Landlord.


2.8 WHEN THE LANDLORD MAY ENTER
The Landlord or the Landlord's representatives may peacefully enter the Premises during reasonable times for the purposes listed below, provided the Tenant or the Tenant's guests are present. If no one is in the Premises, and request has been made for repair and/or entry by the Tenant, the Landlord, or the Landlord's agents may enter peacefully and at reasonable times by duplicate or master key. If the Landlord requests entry, a written notice shall be given to the Tenant twenty-four (24) hours prior to entry. The Landlord reserves the right to enter the Premises without notice in case of emergency. The Landlord reserves the right to enter by other means if locks have been changed in violation of the Lease.

Such entry may be for: repairs, estimating repair or refurbishing costs; pest control; preventive maintenance; filter changes; testing or replacing smoke detectors; retrieving unreturned tools or appliances; preventing waste of utilities; delivering, installing, reconnecting, or replacing appliances, furniture, equipment, security devices or alarm systems; removing or re-keying unauthorized security devices or unauthorized alarm systems; removing health or safety hazards (including hazardous materials); inspections when imminent danger to person or property is reasonably suspected; entry by a law enforcement officer with search warrant or arrest warrant; showing apartment to prospective tenants (after vacating notice has been given); or insurance agents; or other valid business purposes.


2.9 NO SMOKING POLICY
Tenant agrees and acknowledges that the premises to be occupied by Tenant and guests have been designated as a smoke-free living environment. Tenant and members of Tenant's household shall not smoke anywhere in the unit rented by Tenant, or the building where the Tenant's dwelling is located or in or within 25 feet of any of the common areas such as the stairwells, patios, playgrounds, laundry rooms, office, and community room of the rental community, nor shall Tenant permit any guests or visitors under the control of Tenant to do so. Smoking. The term “smoking” means inhaling, exhaling, breathing, or carrying any lighted or heated cigar, cigarette, or other tobacco product or plant product in any manner or in any form. Smoking also includes use of an electronic cigarette. Electronic Cigarette. The term “electronic cigarette” means any electronic device that provides a vapor of liquid nicotine and/or other substances to the user as they simulate smoking. The term shall include such devices whether they are manufactured or referred to as e-cigarettes, e-cigars, e-pipes or under any product name.

This policy exists to keep the home in good shape. Smoking damages the paint and home materials unnecessarily. If you like to smoke cigars, vape, or other do so outside. 










By initialing below, you acknowledge and agree to the terms in Section 2.

Initials:


Guarantor Initials: 


3. Responsibilities

3.1 TENANTS DUTIES
The Tenant shall:
• Keep the Premises that he/she occupies and uses safe and sanitary.
• Dispose of all rubbish, garbage, and other waste in a clean, safe, and sanitary manner approved by the landlord.
• Keep all plumbing fixtures in the premises or used by the Tenant as clean as their condition permits.
• Use and operate all electrical and plumbing fixtures properly.
• Comply with the requirements on Tenants by all applicable state and local housing, health, and safety codes.
• Personally refrain and forbid any other person who is on the Premises with his/her permission, from intentionally or negligently destroying, defacing, damaging, or removing any fixture, appliance, or other part of the Premises.
• Maintain in good working order and condition any range, refrigerator, washer, dryer, dishwasher, or other appliances supplied by the landlord.
• Promptly notify the landlord of the need for repairs.
• Conduct and require other persons on Premises with his consent to conduct themselves in a manner that will not disturb his neighbors
"peaceful enjoyment" of the Premises. Use good judgment and thoughtfulness for others in use of his/her apartment and not to commit or allow any nuisance.
• Not unreasonably withhold consent for the Landlord or his/her agents to enter the Premises.
• Conduct themself and require persons in his household and persons on the Premises with their consent to conduct themselves, in connection with the Premises so as not to violate the prohibitions contained in Chapters 2925 and 3719 of the Revised Code, or in municipal ordinances that are substantially similar to any section in either of those chapters, which relate to controlled substances.
• Tenant shall regularly test all smoke detectors, and notify Landlord in writing of any  failure, need for repair, or
replacement as per the Community Rules and Regulations.
• Ohio Fire Code prohibits residents from operating a charcoal, gas grill, or any other open flame device within 10 feet of any combustible building, overhang, patio fence, railings, or the deck above your own deck or patio. Do not store any propane fuel devices inside a dwelling. Violation of this section may cause the Fire Department to fine a resident up to $1,000 per day until the violation is corrected. Landlord may also declare such violation a breach of lease and pursue all remedies, including eviction.
• Tenant expressly agrees and understands that it shall be a material violation of this lease agreement if Tenant or anyone living at the premises that is the subject of this agreement is a registered sex offender at any time during Tenant's tenancy. If Tenant or anyone living at the premises becomes a registered sex offender, Tenant and all other occupants will be required to vacate the premises immediately or be subject to eviction.


3.2 LANDLORD DUTIES
The Landlord shall:
• Comply with the requirements of all applicable building, housing, health, and safety codes that materially affect safety.
• Make all repairs and do whatever is reasonably necessary to put and keep the Premises in a fit and habitable condition.
• Maintain in good and safe working order and condition all electrical, plumbing, sanitary, heating, ventilating and air-conditioning fixtures and appliances, supplied, or required to be supplied by the Landlord.
• Provide and maintain appropriate receptacles for the removal of ashes, garbage, rubbish and other waste incidental to the occupancy of the dwelling unit and arrange for their removal.
• Supply running water, reasonable amounts of hot water and reasonable amounts of heat at all times, except where the building that includes the Premises is not required by law to be equipped for that purpose, or the Premises is so constructed that the heat or the hot water is generated by an installation within the exclusive control of the tenant and supplied by a direct utility connection.
• Except in the case of emergency, or if it is impractical to do so, give the Tenant at least twenty-four (24) hours’ notice of his intent to enter and enter only at reasonable times.
• Not abuse the right of access as described in this Lease.
• Furnish and repair smoke detectors as required by law. (See Rules & Regulations)


3.3 CONDITIONS OF PREMISES AND ALTERATIONS
The Tenant accepts the Premises "in good condition", except for conditions materially affecting health or safety of ordinary persons, and except as otherwise indicated on the inventory and condition form described below, the Landlord makes no implied warranties. The Landlord shall provide an inventory and condition form to the Tenant on or before move-in. Within one (1) after move-in, the Tenant shall note all defects or damages on the form and return it to the Landlord's agent; otherwise, the Premises shall be presumed to be in clean, safe and good working condition. The Tenant shall use customary diligence in care of the apartment and common areas. Whenever damage is caused by the Tenants, the Tenant's guests, or occupants due to carelessness, misuse, neglect, or failure to notify the Landlord of any need for repairs, the Tenant agrees to pay the cost of all repairs and do so by the next periodic monthly rental payment after receipt of the Landlord's demand for the repair charges; and tenant remains obliged to pay rent for the period the unit is damaged whether or not the unit is habitable. The Tenant may not perform any repairs, painting, wallpapering, carpeting, electrical changes, or other alterations to the Landlord's property except as authorized by the Landlord in writing. No holes or stickers are allowed inside or outside the apartment; however, a reasonable number of small nail holes for picture hanging are permitted. No water furniture, antennas, additional phone or TV cable outlets, alarm systems, or lock changes, additions, or re-keying shall be permitted except by the Landlord's prior written consent. The Tenant shall not disable, disconnect, alter or remove the Landlord's property, including security devices, alarm systems, smoke detectors, appliances, furniture, and screens. When the Tenant moves in, the Landlord shall furnish light bulbs for fixtures furnished by the Landlord; thereafter, light bulbs of the same wattage shall be replaced at the Tenant's expense. When moving out, the Tenant shall surrender the Premises in the same condition as when received, reasonable wear and tear excepted. Tenant must immediately notify landlord in writing of any needed maintenance or repair.
The Landlord is not required to rebuild or restore the premises if said premises became uninhabitable by reason of fire or other casualty.


3.4 NON-LIABILITY
The Tenant acknowledges that any security measures provided by the Landlord shall not be treated by the Tenant as a guarantee against crime or a reduction in the risk of crime. The Landlord shall not be liable to the Tenant, the Tenant's guests, or occupants for injury, damage, or loss to person or property caused by criminal conduct of other persons, including theft, burglary, assault, vandalism, or other crimes. The Landlord shall not be liable to the Tenant, guest or occupant for personal injury or damage or loss of personal property from fire, flood, water leaks, rain, hail, ice, snow, smoke, lightning, wind, explosions, and interruption of utilities unless caused by the Landlord's negligence. The Landlord has no duty to remove ice, sleet, or snow; but the Landlord may do so in whole or in part, with or without notice. If the Landlord's employees are requested to render services not contemplated in the Lease, the Tenant shall hold the Landlord harmless from all liability for same


3.5 LEASE COMPLIANCE
The Landlord always has the right to require compliance with all covenants, terms and conditions of the Lease, notwithstanding any conduct or custom on the Landlord's or the Tenant's part in refraining from so doing at any time. Waiver at any time of any breach or condition of the Lease shall not constitute or become a waiver of any subsequent breach or change any condition of the Lease. The Rules and Regulations are an attachment to the Lease and become a part of the Lease. The Rules were designed with all the Tenant’s safety and comfort in mind. Rules and Regulations may be modified at any time by Landlord. Please read the Rules and Regulations. Violation of these Rules is a breach of your Lease.


3.6 PRHOBITED CONDUCT
Tenant and Tenant's occupants or guests may not engage in the following activities; unlawful activity, behaving in a loud or obnoxious manner; disturbing or threatening the rights, comfort, health, safety, or convenience of others (including our agents and employees) in or near the apartment community; disrupting our business operation; manufacturing, delivering, possessing any illegal drug or narcotic, or drug paraphernalia as defined by law. Tenant may not possess a weapon prohibited by state law; discharge a firearm in or near the apartment community; display or possess a gun, knife, or other weapon in the common areas in any way that may alarm others; store any hazardous materials in or on the property; tamper with utilities or telecommunications; or injure our reputation by making bad faith allegations against us to others.






By initialing below, you acknowledge and agree to the terms in Section 3.

Initials:


Guarantor Initials: 

 
4. General Clauses 

4.1 ENTIRE AGREEMENT
The Lease and attached Addenda listed in Paragraph XXIII are the entire agreement between the Landlord and the Tenant. No representations oral or written, not contained herein or attached hereto, shall bind either party. The Landlord’s agents (including management personnel and other employees or agents) do not have authority to waive, amend or terminate the Lease or any part of it and do not have the authority to make promises, representations or agreements which impose duties or obligation on the Landlord unless done in writing.


4.2 SEVERABILITY
If any portion of the Lease is found to be void, unenforceable, or against public policy, the remaining portions of the Lease shall not be affected.


4.3 ADDENDA
The following addenda and other provisions attached are a part of the Lease. (As initialed below by Tenant and Landlord). Such Addenda shall be considered incorporated within any subsequent renewal lease or document.
 
•	Lead Based Paint

•	Parking

•	  Guaranty of Lease







By initialing below, you acknowledge and agree to the terms in Section 4.

Initials:


Guarantor Initials: 







5. Lead-Based Paint

5.1 LANDLORD NOTE
The home was built around 1910. However, there has been drywall layover most walls in the home. Lead based paint has been used historically in some areas and by city code this disclosure is necessary. 


5.2 DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON LEAD BASED PAINT HAZARDS
a. Presence of lead-based paint or lead-based paint hazards (check one below): 

	Known lead-based paint and / or lead-based paint hazards are present in the housing. (explain)

    X 	Lessor has no knowledge of lead-based and /or lead-based paint hazards in the housing.

b. Records and reports available to the lessor (check one below):

	Lessor has provided the lessee with all available records and reports pertaining to lead based paint / hazards

    X	Lessor has no reports or records pertaining to lead-based paint and / or lead-based paint hazards in the housing.

c. Lessee has received copies of all information listed above.

Lessee has received the pamphlet Protect Your Family from Lead in Your Home.
Agent’s Acknowledgment Agent has informed the lessor of the lessor’s obligations under 42 U.S.C. 4852(d) and is aware of his / her responsibility to ensure compliance.

Certification of Accuracy
The following parties have reviewed the information above and certify, to the best of their knowledge, that the information provided by the signatory is true and accurate.






By initialing below, you acknowledge and agree to the terms in Section 5.

Initials:


Guarantor Initials: 
 
6. Parking Addendum 

6.1 OFF STREET PARKING
Landlord shall lease the parking spots available on the property for the same period of the lease agreement. The property has a gravel lot with room for 3-4 vehicles. 

The monthly rent will be $0.00 for the above-described parking space(s) payable on the same day of each month upon which the Rent, pursuant to the Lease is paid.

Parking is not permitted on grass, along roadways, in fire lanes or any other area not designated. All signs posted with parking restrictions must be followed. If your property requires parking permits, Resident agrees to follow all restrictions.

Parking is strictly limited to private passenger vehicles and residents shall not park or store any non-passenger vehicle, boat, trailer or recreational vehicle, or other property on said parking areas without written consent of the management. 
No combustible materials may be stored in garage or parking space(s). Car repairs and/or car washing are not permitted anywhere on the property. No unlicensed, immobile, or inoperable vehicles are to be parked on the premise. Vehicles on the property that do not have current tags/license/parking pass or are immobile or inoperable will be
towed. No vehicles with visible oil leaks or spillage shall be parked or operated on the property. Resident shall not block ingress and egress of another vehicle, park in designated “No parking” areas, park in front of or beside yellow marked curbs, on lawn or sidewalks, block trash dumpsters, across parking lines, or block garages and/or carports. Resident shall not park any vehicle on the property after termination of the lease agreement, eviction, or abandonment.

Tenant agrees to hold Landlord harmless for any damages, either to person or property, sustained by Tenant or others due to the use of the garage space(s). Landlord reserves the right to re-stripe and reasonably reconfigure the parking lot and to make reasonable rules and regulations for the usage of the parking lot.

6.2 ON STREET PARKING
There is permit street parking on Oakland Ave offered by the city. Rate has historically been $25 for the year. Up to two spots available. 

There is free street parking on Patterson, one street away, typically useful for visitors. 








By initialing below, you acknowledge and agree to the terms in Section 6.

Initials:


Guarantor Initials: 
 

9. Sign and Accept 

9.1 ACCEPTANCE OF LEASE
This is a legally binding document. By typing your name, you are consenting to use electronic means to (i) sign this contract (ii) accept lease agreement and addenda. 


Name:
Phone:
osu.edu Email:

Signature:


Date:


Landlord Agent: 
Phone:
Email:

Signature: 


Date:

9.2 CO-SIGNER UNCONDITIONAL GUARANTEE OF LEASE OBLIGATION
In consideration of the Lease Agreement, I/we the undersigned Guarantor(s) hereby guarantee the
prompt payment of the Rent as defined therein and the full performance of Tenant obligations in
the Lease and all Tenant obligations arising in and from any extension or renewal of lease, as fully
as if I/we were co-signing as Tenants under the Lease.
I/we understand, by signing this Guarantee, that I/we as Guarantors are receiving a benefit for
Landlord entering into the Lease and if Tenant fails to pay rent or otherwise breaches the Lease,
I/we am/are legally and unconditionally liable, as principals for any and all claims and liability for
which Tenant would be legally obligated as a result of Tenant’s default or breach. I/we waive any
and all rights to require Landlord to first pursue recovery from Tenant and waive any and all
defenses other than those which could be asserted by Tenant. I/we certify that the below listed
information is true and accurate.
THIS GUARANTEE IS ABSOLUTE AND UNCONDITIONAL.

Guarantor: 
Phone:
Email:

Signature: 


Date:

